[docs] EAS builds: add info about `eas:credentials:sync` command (#9849)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/advanced-credentials-configuration.md

It specifies credentials for Android and iOS (but you can configure only one of these platforms if you don't want to build for the other).
**Remember to add `credentials.json` to `.gitignore` so you won't accidentally commit it to the repository (and therefore leak your secrets)**.

## Configuring credentials.json

> You can either let Expo generate new credentials and store them on Expo servers or create them manually and put them in credentials.json. Whichever option you choose you can always sync credentials one way or the other with `expo eas:credentials:sync`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have two options for handling your app credentials:
- Let Expo generate and manage your credentials for you, and keep them stored securely on Expo's servers, or
- Create credentials manually, yourself, and provide them to EAS Build via the credentials.json file

No matter which option you choose, you can always sync your credentials by running `expo eas:credentials:sync`, so that the ones you have stored locally match those on Expo's servers.
```

## Automatic configuration

> If you already have credentials configured for app with the same `slug`, `owner` (if you are using teams) and `ios.bundleIdentifier` (for iOS only) you can generate `credentials.json` file from credentials that are stored on Expo servers. To generate (or update) that file run `expo eas:credentials:sync` and in the first prompt select option to update `credentials.json` and in the second one select which platforms credentials you want to update.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you already have credentials configured for an app with the same `slug`, `owner` (if you are using teams), and `ios.bundleIdentifier` (for iOS only) you can generate the `credentials.json` file from credentials that are stored on Expo servers. To generate (or update) that file run `expo eas:credentials:sync` and in the first prompt select option to update `credentials.json` and in the second one select for which platforms you want to update.
```

> If you already have credentials configured for an app with the same `slug`, `owner` (if you are using teams), and `ios.bundleIdentifier` (for iOS only) you can generate the `credentials.json` file from credentials that are stored on Expo servers. To generate (or update) that file run `expo eas:credentials:sync` and in the first prompt select option to update `credentials.json` and in the second one select for which platforms you want to update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have credentials configured for an app with the same `slug`, `owner` (if you are using teams), and `ios.bundleIdentifier` (for iOS only), you can generate the `credentials.json` file from those credentials that are stored on Expo's servers. To generate (or update) that file, run `expo eas:credentials:sync`. In the first prompt, select the option to update `credentials.json`, then in the second one, select which platform(s) you wish to update.
```

does android.package not matter in this case?

Author: www credential are using the same logic as for v1 builds so
- android app is identified by owner and slug 
- ios app is identified by owner, slug and bundleIdentifier

New credentials logic that @quinlanj is working on might change that but for now, it's this way

> If you don't have any credentials run `expo eas:build --platform <android|ios|all>` and follow interactive prompt, after generating all credentials you can (if you want) use sync command to generate `credentials.json`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't have any credentials, run `expo eas:build --platform <android|ios|all>` and follow the interactive prompts. After generating all credentials, you can (if you want) use the `expo eas:credentials:sync` command to generate `credentials.json`.
```

> If you don't have any credentials, run `expo eas:build --platform <android|ios|all>` and follow the interactive prompts. After generating all credentials, you can (if you want) use the `expo eas:credentials:sync` command to generate `credentials.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have any credentials yet, you can run `expo eas:build --platform <android|ios|all>` and follow the interactive prompts. After Expo guides you through generating your credentials, you can (if you wish) use the `expo eas:credentials:sync` command to generate `credentials.json` (this is only if you wish to have a local copy of your credentials).
```

> For android builds both keystore generation methods require you to have `keytool` installed and in your PATH. If it's not available on your system you'll need to [install JDK](https://jdk.java.net/) (`keytool` is distributed with it).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For Android builds, both keystore generation methods require you to have `keytool` installed and in your PATH. If it's not available on your system you'll need to [install JDK](https://jdk.java.net/) (`keytool` is distributed with it).
```

> For Android builds, both keystore generation methods require you to have `keytool` installed and in your PATH. If it's not available on your system you'll need to [install JDK](https://jdk.java.net/) (`keytool` is distributed with it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Android builds, both keystore generation methods require you to have `keytool` installed and in your PATH. If it's not available on your system, you'll need to [install JDK](https://jdk.java.net/) (`keytool` is distributed with it).
```

> **Remember to gitignore all files created by above commands!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Remember to gitignore all files created by the above commands!**
```
